Desktop app README updates, bump multer (#477)
dolthub/dolt-workbench: web/README.desktop-app.md

### Release the Windows App

> Submit the `AppX` file at `web/build/appx/dolt.exe` to the store. To submit, choose DoltHub.Inc -> Apps and Games -> Dolt-Workbench to update.

Reviewer: Submit the `AppX` file at `web/dist` to the store. To submit, choose DoltHub.Inc -> Apps and Games -> Dolt-Workbench to update.

> Submit the `AppX` file at `web/build/appx/dolt.exe` to the store. To submit, choose DoltHub.Inc -> Apps and Games -> Dolt-Workbench to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit the `AppX` file at `web/dist` to the store. To submit, choose DoltHub.Inc -> Apps and Games -> Dolt-Workbench to update.
```
